Page	English	Japanese
Top	Realia. Only Real Listings	GooNは不動産売買の仕組を大改革します。 仲介手数料無料で不動産を売買できます。
Top	Buy	買う
Top	Sell	売る
Top	Rent	借りる
Top	Apartment	アパート
Top		マンション
Top		戸建て
Top	Layouts	間取り
Top	Where are you looking at?	どちらにお探しですか？
Top	Your budget	予算
Top	Find property	物件を探す
Top	List your property	物件を掲載する
Top	Sign In	ログイン
Top	Join for free	無料会員登録
Top	Why find your property at Realila?	なぜ仲介手数料無料で不動産の売買が可能なの？
Top	"You no longer have to navigate through hundreds or thousands of fake and duplicate listings to identify the few real and unique listings.

All our listings are verified and organized before they are posted so you can focus your time on assessing the real listings.

"	GooNでは売主が直接、物件の掲載をすることができるので、間に不動産業者を介さず不動産の売買が可能です。
Top	Real Match	売主と買主を直接マッチング
Top	"Say “Bye” to paid featured or advertised listings. Our goal is to “match-make” buyer & seller (landlord and tenant) within the shortest possible time by matching your preferences to seller’s or landlord’s property specifications.

In short, property listings shown to you are based on relevancy powered by our real estate intelligent learning algorithm. Sign up to experience Real Match. What’s more, membership is free!"	売主が直接購入希望者からの連絡を受け取れるので、より条件の良い購入希望者を探す事ができます。また、購入希望者は直接売主と交渉できるので、価格交渉や物件情報の詳細を仲介業者のフィルターなしで、直接物件に関する情報を得る事ができます。もちろんGooN会員であれば仲介手数料は一切無料です。また、売主にとっても不動産業者による物件の囲い込みも発生しないため、より高い値段での売却も可能となります。
Top	Real Estate Partner	我々のミッション
Top	"Our mission is to make buying, selling & renting property easy and a stress-free experience. Regardless you are a first timer or an experienced real estate salesperson, if you are stuck at any phases of your property transaction, our professional will be there to advice and assist you until you have purchased, sold or rent your property.

We are more than a property marketing page. We are your real estate partner."	我々のミッションは日本国内の不動産売買の透明性の向上と、不動産流通市場の活性化です。日本の不動産市場の中心はいまでも新築に偏っています。その理由として、中古不動産の価格履歴が一般に公開されていない事、修繕の履歴や瑕疵などが公式なデータとして残っていない事が上げられます。また、不動産の仲介をする不動産業者は売買に不都合な情報を隠蔽する事さえあります。これらの中古不動産への不信感から、新築偏重の不動産市場となってしまいました。我々のミッションはこれら中古不動産への不信感と流通の妨げになっている高額な仲介手数料を業界からなくすことです。
